.\" $Header: /aolnet/dev/src/CVS/sgml/docbook-to-man/cmd/docbook-to-man.sh,v 1.1.1.1 1998/11/13 21:31:59 db3l Exp $
.\"
.\"	transcript compatibility for postscript use.
.\"
.\"	synopsis:  .P! <file.ps>
.\"
.de P!
.fl
\!!1 setgray
.fl
\\&.\"
.fl
\!!0 setgray
.fl			\" force out current output buffer
\!!save /psv exch def currentpoint translate 0 0 moveto
\!!/showpage{}def
.fl			\" prolog
.sy sed \-e 's/^/!/' \\$1\" bring in postscript file
\!!psv restore
.
.de pF
.ie     \\*(f1 .ds f1 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f2 .ds f2 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f3 .ds f3 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f4 .ds f4 \\n(.f
.el .tm ? font overflow
.ft \\$1
..
.de fP
.ie     !\\*(f4 \{\
.	ft \\*(f4
.	ds f4\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f3 \{\
.	ft \\*(f3
.	ds f3\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f2 \{\
.	ft \\*(f2
.	ds f2\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f1 \{\
.	ft \\*(f1
.	ds f1\"
'	br \}
.el .tm ? font underflow
..
.ds f1\"
.ds f2\"
.ds f3\"
.ds f4\"
'\" t 
.ta 8n 16n 24n 32n 40n 48n 56n 64n 72n  
.TH "oggzinfo" "1" 
.SH "NAME" 
oggzinfo \(em Display information about one or more Ogg files and their bitstreams. 
 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBoggzinfo\fR [-l  | --length ]  [-b  | --bitrate ]  [-g  | --page-stats ]  [-p  | --packet-stats ]  [-a  | --all ] filename \&...  
.PP 
\fBoggzinfo\fR [-h  | --help ]  [-v  | --version ]  
.SH "Description" 
.PP 
\fBoggzinfo\fR displays information about one or more 
Ogg files and their bitstreams. 
 
.SH "Options" 
.PP 
\fBoggzinfo\fR accepts the following options: 
 
.SS "Display options" 
.IP "-l, --length" 10 
Display content lengths. 
.IP "-b, --bitrate" 10 
Display bitrate information. 
.IP "-g, --page-stats" 10 
Display Ogg page statistics. 
.IP "-p, --packet-stats" 10 
Display Ogg packet statistics. 
.IP "-a, --all" 10 
Display all information. 
.SS "Miscellaneous options" 
.IP "-h, --help" 10 
Display usage information and exit. 
.IP "-v, --version" 10 
Output version information and exit. 
.SH "Units of measurement" 
.PP 
\fBoggzinfo\fR displays information using the 
following units: 
 
.SS "Byte lengths" 
.IP "bytes" 10 
(8 bits) 
.IP "kB" 10 
kilobytes (1024 bytes) 
.IP "MB" 10 
megabytes (1024*1024 bytes) 
.IP "GB" 10 
gigabytes (1024*1024*1024 bytes) 
.SS "Bitrates" 
.IP "bps" 10 
bits per second (bit/s) 
.IP "kbps" 10 
kilobits per second (1000 bit/s) 
.IP "Mbps" 10 
megabits per second (1000000 bit/s) 
.IP "Gbps" 10 
gigabits per second (1000000000 bit/s) 
.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
Conrad Parker        March 10, 2005;      
.SH "COPYRIGHT" 
.PP 
Copyright \(co 2005 CSIRO Australia 
 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
\fBoggzdump\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBoggzrip\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBoggzdiff\fP\fB(1)\fP      
.\" created by instant / docbook-to-man, Thu 10 Mar 2005, 15:45 
