.\" $Header: /aolnet/dev/src/CVS/sgml/docbook-to-man/cmd/docbook-to-man.sh,v 1.1.1.1 1998/11/13 21:31:59 db3l Exp $
.\"
.\"	transcript compatibility for postscript use.
.\"
.\"	synopsis:  .P! <file.ps>
.\"
.de P!
.fl
\!!1 setgray
.fl
\\&.\"
.fl
\!!0 setgray
.fl			\" force out current output buffer
\!!save /psv exch def currentpoint translate 0 0 moveto
\!!/showpage{}def
.fl			\" prolog
.sy sed \-e 's/^/!/' \\$1\" bring in postscript file
\!!psv restore
.
.de pF
.ie     \\*(f1 .ds f1 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f2 .ds f2 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f3 .ds f3 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f4 .ds f4 \\n(.f
.el .tm ? font overflow
.ft \\$1
..
.de fP
.ie     !\\*(f4 \{\
.	ft \\*(f4
.	ds f4\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f3 \{\
.	ft \\*(f3
.	ds f3\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f2 \{\
.	ft \\*(f2
.	ds f2\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f1 \{\
.	ft \\*(f1
.	ds f1\"
'	br \}
.el .tm ? font underflow
..
.ds f1\"
.ds f2\"
.ds f3\"
.ds f4\"
'\" t 
.ta 8n 16n 24n 32n 40n 48n 56n 64n 72n  
.TH "oggzrip" "1" 
.SH "NAME" 
oggzrip \(em Extract one or more logical bitstreams from an Ogg file. 
 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBoggzrip\fR [-o \fBfilename\fR  | --output \fBfilename\fR ] filename  
.PP 
\fBoggzrip\fR [-h  | --help ]  [-v  | --version ]  
.SH "Description" 
.PP 
\fBoggzrip\fR extracts one or more logical bitstreams 
from an Ogg file. 
 
.SH "Options" 
.PP 
\fBoggzrip\fR accepts the following options: 
 
.SS "Miscellaneous options" 
.IP "-o \fBfilename\fR, --output \fBfilename\fR" 10 
Write output to the specified 
\fBfilename\fR instead of printing it to 
standard output. 
 
.IP "-h, --help" 10 
Display usage information and exit. 
.IP "-v, --version" 10 
Output version information and exit. 
.SS "Filter options" 
.PP 
These options can be used multiple times. Pages matching ANY of 
the filter options will be included into the output. 
 
.IP "-s \fBserialno\fR, --serialno \fBserialno\fR" 10 
Output streams with given serialno. 
.IP "-i \fBindex\fR, --stream-index \fBindex\fR" 10 
Filter by stream index. These are assigned to 
streams in the order of their BOS pages, 
starting at 0. 
 
.IP "-c \fBcontent-type\fR --content-type \fBcontent-type\fR" 10 
Filter by content-type.  The following codec names 
are currently detected: "theora", 
"vorbis", "speex", "annodex" 
 
.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
David Kuehling        January  1, 2005;      
.SH "COPYRIGHT" 
.PP 
Copyright \(co 2005 CSIRO Australia 
 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
\fBoggzmerge\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBoggzdump\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBoggzdiff\fP\fB(1)\fP      
.\" created by instant / docbook-to-man, Mon 04 Apr 2005, 08:42 
