.TH "oggz-rip" "1" 
.SH "NAME" 
oggz-rip \(em Extract one or more logical bitstreams from an Ogg file. 
 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-rip\fR [\-o \fBfilename\fR  | \-\-output \fBfilename\fR ] filename  
.PP 
\fBoggz-rip\fR [\-h  | \-\-help ]  [\-v  | \-\-version ]  
.SH "Description" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-rip\fR extracts one or more tracks 
from an Ogg file. 
In Ogg terminology, \fBoggz-rip\fR extracts one or 
more logical bitstreams. 
 
.PP 
For example, to extract just the vorbis audio track from any Ogg file: 
 
.PP 
\fBoggz-rip \-c vorbis input.ogx > output.ogg\fR      
.PP 
This will removed any other tracks: Skeleton, Theora, image, etc. 
The output will be a valid Ogg Vorbis I file, suitable for use on 
hardware players that do not support multiplexed (ie. multi-track) 
Ogg files. If the input file contains multiple Vorbis, the desired 
once can be specified by serialno with the \fB-s\fR       option. 
Use \fBoggzinfo\fR to view the serialno of 
each track in a file. 
 
.SH "Options" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-rip\fR accepts the following options: 
 
.SS "Miscellaneous options" 
.IP "\-o \fBfilename\fR, \-\-output \fBfilename\fR" 10 
Write output to the specified 
\fBfilename\fR instead of printing it to 
standard output. 
 
.IP "\-h, \-\-help" 10 
Display usage information and exit. 
.IP "\-v, \-\-version" 10 
Output version information and exit. 
.SS "Filter options" 
.PP 
These options can be used multiple times. Pages matching ANY of 
the filter options will be included into the output. 
 
.IP "\-s \fBserialno\fR, \-\-serialno \fBserialno\fR" 10 
Output streams with given serialno. 
.IP "\-i \fBindex\fR, \-\-stream-index \fBindex\fR" 10 
Filter by stream index. These are assigned to 
streams in the order of their BOS pages, 
starting at 0. 
 
.IP "\-c \fBcontent-type\fR \-\-content-type \fBcontent-type\fR" 10 
Filter by content-type.  The following codec names 
are currently detected: "cmml", "flac", "theora", "speex", "vorbis" 
 
.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
David Kuehling        January  1, 2005;      
.SH "COPYRIGHT" 
.PP 
Copyright \(co 2005 CSIRO Australia 
 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
\fBoggzmerge\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBoggz-chop\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBoggzdump\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBoggzdiff\fP\fB(1)\fP       \fBhogg\fP\fB(1)\fP      
.\" created by instant / docbook-to-man, Mon 23 Feb 2009, 12:35 
