...\" $Header: /var/lib/cvsd/annodex/liboggz/doc/oggzdiff.1,v 1.1 2004/01/04 05:28:25 zen Exp $
...\"
...\"	transcript compatibility for postscript use.
...\"
...\"	synopsis:  .P! <file.ps>
...\"
.de P!
.fl
\!!1 setgray
.fl
\\&.\"
.fl
\!!0 setgray
.fl			\" force out current output buffer
\!!save /psv exch def currentpoint translate 0 0 moveto
\!!/showpage{}def
.fl			\" prolog
.sy sed -e 's/^/!/' \\$1\" bring in postscript file
\!!psv restore
.
.de pF
.ie     \\*(f1 .ds f1 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f2 .ds f2 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f3 .ds f3 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f4 .ds f4 \\n(.f
.el .tm ? font overflow
.ft \\$1
..
.de fP
.ie     !\\*(f4 \{\
.	ft \\*(f4
.	ds f4\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f3 \{\
.	ft \\*(f3
.	ds f3\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f2 \{\
.	ft \\*(f2
.	ds f2\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f1 \{\
.	ft \\*(f1
.	ds f1\"
'	br \}
.el .tm ? font underflow
..
.ds f1\"
.ds f2\"
.ds f3\"
.ds f4\"
'\" t 
.ta 8n 16n 24n 32n 40n 48n 56n 64n 72n  
.TH "oggzdiff" "1" 
.SH "NAME" 
oggzdiff \(em Hexdump the packets of two Ogg files and output differences 
 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBoggzdiff\fR [options]  [OGGZDUMP_OPTIONS]  [DIFF_OPTIONS] file1.ogg file2.ogg  
.PP 
\fB\fBoptions:\fR\fR [--verbose ]  [-v  | --version ]  [-h  | --help ]  
.PP 
\fB\fBOGGZDUMP_OPTIONS:\fR\fR [-b  | --binary ]  [-x  | --hexadecimal ]  [-s serialno  | --serialno serialno ]  [-O  | --hide-offset ]  [-S  | --hide-serialno ]  [-G  | --hide-granulepos ]  [-P  | --hide-packetno ]  
.PP 
\fB\fBDIFF_OPTIONS:\fR\fR [-q  | --brief ]  [-c  | -C NUM  | --context[=NUM] ]  [-u  | -U NUM  | --unified[=NUM] ]  [-e  | --ed ]  [--normal ]  [--rcs ]  [-y  | --side-by-side ]  [-l  | --paginate ]  
.SH "Description" 
.PP 
\fBoggzdiff\fR is a \fBsh\fR script which 
uses \fBoggzdump\fR to generate hexadecimal packet dumps 
of each input file, then outputs the difference between these dumps 
using \fBdiff\fR. 
 
.SH "Options" 
.PP 
\fBoggzdiff\fR forwards a subset of options 
accepted by \fBoggzdump\fR and \fBdiff\fR. 
See 
\fBoggzdump\fP\fB(1)\fP and 
\fBdiff\fP\fB(1)\fP for more detail. 
 
.SS "oggzdump format options" 
.IP "-b, --binary" 10 
Generate a binary dump of each packet 
 
.IP "-x, --hexadeciaml" 10 
Generate a hexadecimal dump of each packet 
 
.SS "oggzdump filtering options" 
.IP "-s \fBserialno\fR, --serialno \fBserialno\fR" 10 
Dump only the logical bitstream with specified 
\fBserialno\fR. 
 
.IP "-O, --hide-offset" 10 
Hide the byte offset field of the preamble for 
each packet dumped. This is particularly useful when comparing 
Ogg bitstreams that differ only in page structure. 
 
.IP "-S, --hide-serialno" 10 
Hide the serialno field of the preamble for 
each packet dumped. This is particularly useful when comparing 
Ogg bitstreams that differ only in serialno assignment. 
 
.IP "-G, --hide-granulepos" 10 
Hide the granulepos field of the preamble for 
each packet dumped. 
 
.IP "-P, --hide-packetno" 10 
Hide the packetno field of the preamble for 
each packet dumped. 
 
.SS "diff options" 
.PP 
The -w (--ignore-all-space) option to \fBdiff\fR 	is always implied. 
 
.IP "-q, --brief" 10 
Output only whether files differ. 
 
.IP "-c, -C \fBNUM\fR, --context[=\fBNUM\fR]" 10 
Output NUM (default 3) lines of copied context. 
 
.IP "-u, -U \fBNUM\fR, --unified[=\fBNUM\fR]" 10 
Output NUM (default 3) lines of unified context. 
 
.IP "-e, --ed" 10 
Output an ed script. 
 
.IP "--normal" 10 
Output a normal diff. 
 
.IP "--rcs" 10 
Output an RCS format diff. 
 
.IP "-y, --side-by-side" 10 
Output in two columns. 
 
.IP "-l, --paginate" 10 
Pass the output through \fBpr\fR to 
paginate it. 
 
.SS "Miscellaneous options" 
.IP "--verbose" 10 
Display verbose messages. 
.IP "-v, --version" 10 
Display version information and exit. 
.IP "-h, --help" 10 
Display usage information and exit. 
.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
Conrad Parker       
.SH "COPYRIGHT" 
.PP 
Copyright \(co 2003 CSIRO Australia 
 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
\fBoggzdump\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBdiff\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBpatch\fP\fB(1)\fP      
...\" created by instant / docbook-to-man, Wed 19 Nov 2003, 12:25 
